blue light exposure from our favorite
devices you know iPads or iPhones
Androids tablets televisions they do in
fact suppress your melatonin
substantially because your body
essentially thinks the sun's out is that
the problem so we have photoreceptors
that are always trying to gauge what
time it is right because our bodies are
wired up to be in sync with nature but
only recently like literally just the
past few decades have we been able to
manipulate and basically create a second
daytime and so the blue and white
Spectrum specifically are the ones that
are more similar to Daylight every hour
you're on your device at night
suppresses melatonin for about 30
minutes you can be unconscious from
sheer physical exhaustion but you're not
going to go through your sleep cycles
efficiently what I encourage people to
do is to give yourself a screen curfew
just 30 minutes